title	     advanced search
title	hands off michelle  obama 
title	facebook pulls  obama  assassination poll
title	despite suspicions,  obama  urges better russia ties
title	barack  obama  and joe biden: the change we need
title	organizing for america | barackobama.com | policy issues
title	barack  obama  - wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
title	 obama , fukui - wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
title	welcome to the white house
title	president barack  obama 
title	change.gov - the official web site of  the
title	barack  obama  | myspace - myspace.com/barackobama
title	barack  obama  : barack  obama  news and photos - chicagotribune.com
title	profile unavailable | facebook
title	organizing for america | barackobama.com | contribute
title	barack  obama  | change we need | welcome to  obama  for america
title	barack  obama : news & videos about barack  obama  - cnn.com
title	cnn - election center 2008: barack  obama 
title	barack  obama  (barackobama) on twitter
title	u.s. president barack  obama  | reuters
title	barack  obama  - bloomberg
title	barack  obama  - newsweek - national news, world news, health  ... 
title	barack  obama  topics page - usatoday.com
title	flickr: barack  obama's  photostream
title	flickr: barack  obama 
title	barack  obama  on the issues
title	barack  obama  | world news | guardian.co.uk
title	 obama  administration |  world news | guardian.co.uk
title	organizing for america | login to your account
title	organizing for america | barackobama.com | ofa blog
title	bbc news | americas |  obama  inauguration | world media on  obama   ... 
title	barack  obama  biography - biography.com
title	barack  obama  latest news from la times and the web - los angeles times
title	barack  obama  : pictures, videos, breaking news
title	renewing american leadership | foreign affairs
title	 obama  - obey giant
title	barack  obama  - the new york sun
title	 obama  girl | cause i got a crush
title	barack  obama  - associated  content - topic - associatedcontent.com
title	 obama  grabs news headlines in the americas - november 5, 2008
title	is  obama  president?
title	politifact | the barack  obama  file
title	barack  obama  is your new bicycle
title	the inauguration of president barack  obama  - the big picture  ... 
title	the next president of the united states - the big picture - boston.com
title	 obama  t-shirts
title	 obama  city website | english page
title	realclearpolitics - election other -  obama :  favorable/unfavorable
title	 obama 
title	barack  obama 
title	barack  obama  quotes
title	top contributors to barack  obama  | opensecrets
title	senator barack  obama  - democratic national convention
title	barack  obama : my pop-culture  picks | barack  obama  | election 2008  ... 
title	 obama  foodorama
title	super  obama  world game — play here!
title	michelle  obama  watch
title	barack  obama  | congressional votes database | washingtonpost.com
title	 obama  gifts
title	texans for  obama  - barack  obama  in '08. texas, lead the movement  ... 
title	alltop - top  obama  news
title	barack  obama  news, headlines and latest stories on yahoo! news
title	under fire, president  obama   shifts strategy - mike allen and jim  ... 
title	head o state  obama  sex toy
title	barack  obama  - council on foreign relations
title	sky news - barack  obama  in depth
title	 obama , barack - biographical information
title	david icke website -  obama  article
title	the art of  obama 
title	designing  obama 
title	the  obama  art report
title	barack  obama  - tom hayden
title	inside barack  obama's  ipod : rolling stone : rock and roll daily
title	op-ed contributor -  obama's  ersatz capitalism - nytimes.com
title	barack  obama  -- politics daily
title	design for  obama 
title	inside  obama's  acorn by stanley kurtz on national review online
title	hawaii's official tourism site -- barack  obama's  hawaii
title	barack  obama  - news, photos, quotes, biography, videos - upi.com
title	goodbye to all that: why  obama  matters - the atlantic (december 2007)
title	deluxe barack  obama  mask - barack  obama  08 masks
title	barack  obama  - whorunsgov.com, a wash post co
title	welcome to republicans for  obama  | republicans for  obama 
title	welcome to  obama  crimes
title	person of the year 2008 - time
title	 obama  open to newspaper bailout bill - the hill's blog briefing room
title	a video portrait of barack hussein  obama  - eyeblast.tv
title	 obama  the 'magic negro' -- latimes.com
title	 obama  elected 44th president - decision '08- msnbc.com
title	president  obama  - us news
title	buy obamacondoms today!
title	barack  obama  - sourcewatch
title	roses are red:  obama , poet : the new yorker
title	expose  obama 
title	to my special friend gordon, 25 dvds:  obama  gives brown a set of  ... 
title	amigos de  obama .com
title	 obama  girl
title	 obama's  healthcare horror | salon
title	president barack  obama  - sharp network
title	amazon.com: the  obama  nation: leftist politics and the cult of  ... 
title	realclearpolitics - sarkozy's contempt for  obama 
title	patrick gaspard, acorn, and  obama  - stanley kurtz - the corner on  ... 
title	barack  obama  risks prestige for chicago olympic bid - eamon javers  ... 
title	yes we can - barack  obama  music video
title	crush on  obama 
title	the  obama  deception
title	 obama  win causes obsessive supporters to  ... 
title	          search within results
title	     advanced search
title	 obama  admin: cap and trade could cost families $1761 a year  ... 
title	raising  obama  | vanityfair.com
title	 obama  today | following  barack  obama  - engaging the world  ... 
title	sorry, dad, i'm voting for  obama  - page 1 - the daily beast
title	review ordered of video showing students singing praises of  ... 
title	 obama  cto - help set the priorities for the  obama  administration
title	barack  obama  | tmz.com
title	project vote smart - president barack hussein  obama , jr. - biography
title	 obama  denies that individual mandate is a tax increase - wsj.com
title	 obama's  inaugural speech - cnn.com
title	barack  obama  tea blend
title	barack  obama 
title	 obama  paper dolls – collectible barack  obama  paper doll set
title	 obama  in 30 seconds
title	word cloud analysis of  obama's  inaugural speech compared to bush  ... 
title	recovery.gov
title	#8 barack  obama  « stuff white people like
title	the  obama  file
title	callie shell -  obama  - digital journalist
title	matt gonzalez: the  obama  craze
title	gallup daily:  obama  job approval
title	barack  obama  - govtrack.us
title	media malpractice how  obama  got elected and palin was targeted
title	surveyusa » blog archive » electoral math as of 03/06/08:  obama   ... 
title	snopes.com: who is barack  obama ?
title	 obama  administration
title	west wing waffles: home of  obama  waffles and sarah palin's  ... 
title	the  obama  presidency - politics - aol news
title	cbc news - world -  obama  tells un new era demands global unity
title	the  obama  deception
title	is president  obama  an alien — a real alien?! | geekdad | wired.com
title	ya for  obama 
title	religion and politics 2008: barack  obama 
title	barack  obama  impeachment
title	fight the smears - learn the truth about barack  obama 
title	meet barack  obama 
title	michelle malkin »  obama  plays dumb on acorn
title	stop- obama 
title	barely political - funny political videos
title	 obama  (d) - your candidates. your health
title	bbc news | business |  obama  hails 'tough regulations'
title	barack  obama  - news, photos, topics, and quotes
title	 obama's  chicago boys
title	gigapan: president barack  obama's  inaugural address by david bergman
title	a look at barack  obama's  environmental platform and record | how  ... 
title	cq politics | profile for barack  obama ,
title	barack  obama  news
title	the  obama  deception
title	he's barack  obama  | funny video animation by jibjab
title	 obama  jokes - funny barack  obama  jokes and  obama  humor
title	bank of  obama  - home
title	barack  obama  on abortion
title	 obama  fatigue - 48% hearing too much about him: summary of  ... 
title	president barack  obama  makes historic speech to america's students
title	president barack  obama  will go to denmark for olympics pitch  ... 
title	barack  obama  | 2008 presidential candidates | washingtonpost.com
title	the  obama  doctrine | the american prospect
title	michelle  obama  : michelle  obama  news and photos - chicagotribune.com
title	barack  obama : the 50 facts you might not know - telegraph
title	the brand called  obama  -- 2008 presidential campaign -- barack  ... 
title	glenn beck - current events & politics - list of  obama's  czars
title	paid for by  obama  for america barack  obama's  plan to make america  ... 
title	frontline: dreams of  obama : watch the full program online | pbs
title	when  obama  wins
title	the  obama  time capsule - custom historic photo book
title	largehearted boy: why  obama  archives
title	the  obama  news - your source for  obama  news and networking
title	 obama  needs an olympic mind --fanhouse
title	barack  obama  stats & rankings (barackobama) | twitterholic.com
title	 obama  dog blog
title	barack  obama  news - topix
title	designing  obama  — kickstarter
title	limbaugh: i hope  obama  fails
title	 obama  panorama in prague - 360 cities
title	 obama  bodysurfs in hawaii (photos)
title	vote  obama . mccain lacks the character and temperament to be  ... 
title	howstuffworks "how barack  obama  works"
title	barack  obama  experiment
title	german fried chicken: tender, juicy   obama  fingers hit the shelves  ... 
title	 obama's  doctor knocks obamacare - forbes.com
title	q&a with senator barack  obama  on key technology issues
title	— deep zoom  obama 
title	asian americans for  obama  '08
title	hulu - the  obama  presidency
title	transcript - barack  obama's  inaugural address - text - nytimes.com
title	 obama  vs. the lobbyists | mother jones
title	 obama  challenges u.n. to begin 'new chapter' : npr
title	 obama  helps strengthen general electric-putin ties | washington  ... 
title	barack  obama : 2008 democratic presidential candidate & u.s.  ... 
title	the michelle  obama  look book -- the cut
title	 obama  | one people
title	dismay in europe as  obama  ditches missile defence - times online
title	malia  obama  : malia  obama  news and photos - baltimoresun.com
title	weblogg-ed » the  obama  speech
title	the president-elect | change.gov: the  obama -biden transition team
title	foreign policy: the list:  obama's  10 worst ideas
title	the official barack  obama  presidential inaugural book and custom  ... 
title	barack  obama's  plan for american leadership in space | spaceref  ... 
title	is barack  obama  muslim?
title	 obama's  challenge by robert kuttner - chelsea green
title	          search within results
title	     advanced search
title	 obama's  neighborhood - barack  obama  resources, hawaii history  ... 
title	gun ban barack  obama 
title	barack  obama  speeches 2002-2009 - free, searchable database
title	partisan gap in  obama  job approval widest in modern era - pew  ... 
title	president  obama  reaffirms power of indefinite detention, will not   ... 
title	 obama : mandate is not a tax - george's bottom line
title	crafting for change — the  obama  craft project
title	 obama's  health plan: the debate goes on - medicinenet - health and  ... 
title	why white supremacists support barack  obama  - esquire
title	hot air » blog archive »  obama  fudging another health-care horror  ... 
title	michaelmoore.com : my vote's for  obama  (if i could vote) ...by  ... 
title	barack  obama  - health08.org
title	politifact | the obameter: tracking barack  obama's  campaign promises
title	president  obama's  address to students across america september 8, 2009
title	 obama  launches cybersecurity initiative
title	best  obama  action figure ever battles darth vader, terrorists  ... 
title	 obama  calls kanye 'jackass' - patrick gavin
title	voa news -  obama : no snap decisions on afghanistan
title	barack  obama  meetup groups - barack  obama  meetups
title	michelle  obama : white house dog coming soon! - michelle  obama   ... 
title	an  obama  nation.net
title	pollster.com: national job approval: pres. barack  obama 
title	tech for  obama 
title	the new york times store > barack  obama 
title	celebrity gossip juicy celebrity rumors hollywood gossip blog from  ... 
title	hype: the  obama  effect - hypemovie.com - citizens united
title	american thinker: is  obama  a narcissist?
title	american thinker:  obama's  foreign donors: the media averts its eyes
title	 obama  won't halt justice's probe of cia - washington times
title	turkish diplomats cause scuffle around  obama  - washington times
title	ei:  obama's  deadly silence
title	primary watch: barack  obama's  early education agenda | new america  ... 
title	al jazeera english - americas -  obama  urges 'era of engagement'
title	 obama  for president: opinion | adn.com
title	in warrantless wiretapping case,  obama  doj's new arguments are  ... 
title	barack  obama  we need fathers to step up | parade.com
title	muslim-americans for  obama 
title	michelle  obama  | facebook
title	commentary » blog archive »  obama's  un speech, dissected
title	barack  obama's  teleprompter's blog
title	vdare.com -- america's half‐blood prince download
title	the  obama  forum
title	south asians for  obama 
title	 obama  presses mideast leaders on peace - white house- msnbc.com
title	barack  obama  - friendfeed
title	logobama - barack  obama  logo creator
title	the world wants  obama  coalition
title	amazon.com:  obama's  blackberry (9780316074353): kasper hauser: books
title	 obama's  lies matter, too: the president pushes back against  health  ... 
title	multimedia:  obama  speaks at life@50+ event
title	president  obama  - us news
title	e.politics: online advocacy tools & tactics » download learning  ... 
title	barack  obama  - salon.com
title	barack  obama  tour dates in 2009, tour schedule - eventful
title	candidate profile barack  obama  - cbs news
title	 obama  closes in on cybersecurity czar appointment •  the register
title	could afghanistan be  obama's  vietnam? | newsweek international  ... 
title	think progress » school district that barred students from hearing  ... 
title	factcheck.org: factchecking  obama 
title	 obama : u.s. does not recognize 'legitimacy of continued israeli  ... 
title	 obama  says financial regulations must be strengthened globally  ... 
title	time interview: ahmadinejad rejects  obama's  nuke warning - time
title	 obama  caught on tape calling kanye 'jackass' | tmz.com
title	 obama  addresses black caucus on health care - yahoo! news
title	leslie h. gelb:  obama's  befuddling afghan policy - wsj.com
title	realclearpolitics - election 2008 - general election: mccain vs.  obama 
title	 obama  backs extending patriot act spy provisions | threat level  ... 
title	 obama  pushes economic message before big summits | reuters
title	how they would change health care:  obama  - washingtonpost.com
title	snopes.com: barack  obama  and the national anthem
title	the associated press: fidel castro praises  obama  on climate  change
title	8 things you need to know about  obama , rezko :: chicago sun-times  ... 
title	profiles: the other  obama  : the new yorker
title	barack  obama , college administrator by victor davis hanson on  ... 
title	 obama  on zionism and hamas - jeffrey goldberg
title	cbc news - world -  obama  tv blitz presses health-care reform
title	barack  obama  jokes cartoons and funny videos
title	anti  obama  t-shirts, bumper stickers & gifts
title	project vote smart - president barack hussein  obama , jr  ... 
title	'this week' transcript: barack  obama  - abc news
title	the un loves barack  obama  because he is weak - telegraph
title	afterbirthers demand to see  obama's  placenta | the onion  ... 
title	subprime  obama 
title	president  obama  in ghana - america.gov
title	 obama's  ratings slide across the board: overview - pew research  ... 
title	 obama's  moment : rolling stone
title	'camp  obama ' trains campaign volunteers : npr
title	barack  obama , jedi knight
title	dead man walking: president  obama's  request turns gov.  paterson  ... 
title	the fast company 50 - 2009: team  obama  | fast company
title	 obama  stumped by israel as all world's problems arrive - times online
title	100 days of  barack  obama's  facebook news feed. - by christopher  ... 
title	why do people say such ugly things about barack  obama ? -- new york  ... 
title	 obama's  health care plan: put up and shut up - forbes.com
title	 obama  t-shirts
title	sasha  obama  : sasha  obama  news and photos - baltimoresun.com
title	 obama  weekly approval average now 52%, a new low
title	 obama  calls kanye west a 'jackass' -- politics daily
title	barack  obama's  victory speech - election results 2008 - the new  ... 
title	michelle malkin » the 3 r's in the age of  obama : rappin  ... 
title	          search within results
title	     advanced search
title	an interview with barack  obama  about his presidential  platform on  ... 
title	michelle  obama  biography - biography.com
title	 obama's  social media advantage
title	google public policy blog: candidates at google: barack  obama 
title	bbc - mark mardell's america:  obama's  dilemma over carts and horses
title	bbc news | uk | education |  obama  gives back-to-school speech
title	barack  obama  - politico topics - politico.com
title	 obama  pitches healthcare in sunday talk show blitz -- latimes.com
title	too late for  obama  to turn it around? | salon
title	 obama  says u.s. long-term debt load 'unsustainable' (update2  ... 
title	 obama : race 'not the overriding issue here' - political news  ... 
title	 obama  draws charges of confusing friend and foe - political news  ... 
title	the  obama  deception full length
title	the  obama  temptation - mark r. levin - the corner on national  ... 
title	president  obama's  cairo speech text -  usatoday.com
title	espn - tournament challenge - president  obama's  entry
title	the peril of  obama  - the atlantic (april 3, 2008)
title	 obama  backs acorn probe - washington wire - wsj
title	barack  obama  on david letterman: the top ten funny  parts  ... 
title	barack  obama  on the sunday shows, some highlights - swampland  ... 
title	 obama : the postmodern coup: making of a manchurian candidate - google books result
title	 obama  inauguration expected to break all records - radio free  ... 
title	barack  obama : 44th president of the united states - america.gov
title	at united nations,  obama  makes appeal for world's cooperation  ... 
title	is barack  obama  the messiah?
title	 obama  defends greeting hugo chavez - los angeles times
title	barack  obama  - los angeles times
title	 obama : 'this is your victory' - cnn.com
title	 obama : economy probably won't produce enough jobs until 2010 - cnn.com
title	organizing for america |  obama  pride home
title	the untold story of  obama's  mother - news, people - the independent
title	 obama  arrives to an awkward hug from paterson - city room blog  ... 
title	ben smith: barack  obama  - politico.com
title	barack  obama  on the issues
title	barack  obama : the 44th president - abc news
title	wonkette : wingnuts keeping their kids home because  obama  (who is  ... 
title	 obama  approval index history - rasmussen reports™
title	the volokh conspiracy - disappointed in  obama :
title	 obama  heckler joe wilson a member of neo-confederate scv, fought  ... 
title	president  obama  strongly supports public option in speech to  ... 
title	 obama , letterman: 'top 10 reasons': the swamp
title	 obama : change, not race, heats debate: the swamp
title	 obama , the light touch? « the baseline scenario
title	fox news on a witch hunt for  obama  "czars" | media matters for america
title	a plea to  president  obama :  end mountaintop coal mining by  ... 
title	president  obama's  big climate challenge by bill mckibben: yale  ... 
title	 obama  warns netanyahu: don't surprise me with iran strike  ... 
title	orly taitz:  obama  policies are 'clear and present danger to israel  ... 
title	 obama's  10 leadership mistakes (and how not to make them) - umair  ... 
title	 obama  speech day (wizbang)
title	macedonia evidence | barack  obama 
title	 obama's  new blackberry: the nsa's secure pda? | politics and law  ... 
title	 obama  picks riaa's favorite lawyer for a top justice post  ... 
title	don't vote for  obama , the most complete anti  obama  website
title	44: the  obama  presidency
title	 obama  joker artist unmasked: a fellow chicagoan | top of the  ... 
title	 obama  calls kanye west a 'jackass.' but not officially | top of  ... 
title	bbc news | have your say | is  obama  right  about healthcare?
title	organizing for america | barackobama.com | taxes
title	 obama  presses health care reform, says more are uninsured - sep  ... 
title	what  obama  means for business - jun. 23, 2008
title	 obama  wtf
title	the new team - barack  obama  - the new york times
title	the convenient fantasies of president  obama  | washington  examiner
title	the barack  obama  book club - the daily beast
title	 obama  banking too much on banks | mother jones
title	atlas exclusive: final report on  obama  birth certificate forgery  ... 
title	think progress » gingrey:  obama  should vow to veto any health care  ... 
title	barack  obama , the new face of american politics - google books result
title	barack  obama : working to make a difference - google books result
title	barack  obama  for president
title	eye on  obama 
title	 obama  turns serious on letterman - the caucus blog - nytimes.com
title	 obama  plans back-to-back tv interviews sunday - the caucus blog  ... 
title	 obama  chronicles
title	broads 4  obama 
title	president-elect barack  obama  - president-elect barack  obama  news
title	investigating  obama 
title	the  obama  '08 community, a place for sharing news, photos and  ... 
title	barack  obama : acorn's manchurian candidate?  - telegraph blogs
title	michelle  obama : health care is a women's issue - political  ... 
title	liberals push  obama  on public option - first read - msnbc.com
title	first thoughts:  obama's  inheritance - first read - msnbc.com
title	 obama  st. louis
title	"barack  obama  the antichrist?"
title	cnn political ticker: all politics, all the time barack  obama   ... 
title	climate, trade,  obama  -  paul krugman blog - nytimes.com
title	organizing for america | students for  obama 
title	science in the  obama  era - cosmic log - msnbc.com
title	 obama , gospel and verse - new york times
title	 obama  warns recession makes climate change fight harder - cnn.com
title	organizing for america | kids for  obama 
title	the 'o' in  obama  - campaign stops blog - nytimes.com
title	president barack  obama  to join broadcast booth at all-star game  ... 
title	organizing for america | youth for  obama 
title	 obama  watch
title	organizing for america | women for  obama 
title	 obama  fandom
title	barack  obama : news & videos about barack  obama  - cnn.com
title	gop for  obama 
title	          search within results
title	     advanced search
title	barack  obama : news & videos about barack  obama  - cnn.com
title	the  obama  white house chronicle
title	cnn political ticker: all politics, all the time president  obama   ... 
title	 obama  wrong for america!
title	citizen  obama 
title	 obama  change = chump change
title	fake michelle  obama  blog
title	president  obama  election 2008: a collection of newspaper front ... - google books result
title	should barack  obama  be president? dreams from my father, audacity ... - google books result
title	barack  obama  - google books result
title	the  obama  education plan: an education week guide - google books result
title	age of  obama : a reporter's journey with clinton, mccain and  obama  ... - google books result
title	the faith of barack  obama  - google books result
title	chia®  obama  special edition - official site - chiaobama.com
title	 obama  alert
title	pick  obama's  vp
title	united for  obama 
title	eyes on  obama 
title	          search within results
text	24 sep 2009  ...  official site features my.barackobama.com (mybo) for supporter networking along with news, blogs, video and photos, speeches,  ...    contact us  -  health care action center  -  issues  -  blog   www.barack obama .com/ -    cached  -  similar      organizing for america | barackobama.com | policy issues   now is the time to leave behind the status quo and build support for real solutions to ensure that president  obama  succeeds in fulfilling the promise of  ... 
text	 obama  previously served as the junior united states senator from illinois from january 2005 until he resigned after his election to the presidency in  ... 
text	26 sep 2009  ...  whitehouse.gov is the official web site for the white house and president barack  obama , the 44th president of the united states.
text	thank you.
text	official profile page for barack  obama  includes his blog, blurbs, news clips, videos and comments from his myspace friends.
text	29 sep 2009  ...  ongoing collection of news and commentary about the barack  obama's  presidential campaign and transition. includes his early life,  ... 
text	facebook is a social utility that connects people with friends and others who work, study and live around them. people use facebook to keep up with friends,  ... 
text	support organizing for america with a donation. this movement was built by ordinary citizens from the bottom up. you elected a president, but now we need  ... 
text	president  obama  faces a daunting  fall to-do list against the backdrop of an american public losing enthusiasm on a variety of issues.
text	provides the presidential candidate's profile, video highlights, transcripts and speeches, advisors, issue positions, campaign finance, supporters and  ... 
text	 obama : "we can keep  insurance  companies honest by making a not-for-profit public option available in the insurance exchange." #hc095:43 pm sep 9th from web  ... 
text	news on the 2008 us presidential campaign of barack  obama . reuters is the leading global provider of news, financial information and technology solutions to  ... 
text	 search.bloomberg.com/search?... obama ... -    similar      barack  obama  - newsweek - national news, world news, health  ...    26 sep 2009  ...  at his  united nations debut, barack  obama  urged global  ...  if ubiquity were the measure of a presidency, barack  obama  would already be  ... 
text	president  obama  is now in pittsburgh, wrapping up a week of high-level diplomacy by hosting the g-20 economic summit. as leaders from the world's 20 top  ... 
text	photos from the president organized by set and tags. includes archives, favorites and profile.
text	provides quotes and background on various international, domestic, economic and social issues. includes profile, contact data, forum and votematch.
text	27 sep 2009  ...  audio slideshow: jonathan freedland narrates an illustrated documentary  tracing barack  obama's  remarkable journey to the white house  ... 
text	nearly there! provide your name. welcome! login to mybo ( or create your account ). almost done! create a password. my home  ... 
text	21 jan 2009  ...  a roundup of international media coverage and reaction to barack  obama's  inauguration as us president, collected by bbc monitoring.
text	read the biography of barack  obama , watch video about his life, take a quiz and check out our photo gallery.
text	barack  obama  was elected the 44th president of the united states on november 4, 2008, and sworn in on january 20, 2009. he and his wife, michelle,  ... 
text	29 sep 2009  ...  "kill  obama " facebook poll investigated by secret service  ...   obama  facebook poll asking "should  obama  be killed?" pulled from site (photos)  ... 
text	barack  obama : "after iraq, we may be tempted to turn inward. that would be a mistake. the american moment is not over, but it must be seized anew.
text	update: thanks for all those who bought the print in support of obey and  obama . unfortunately, the print is sold out and we do not plan on producing another  ... 
text	barack  obama .  ...  results for term: barack  obama . © 2002-2009 two sl llc, new york, ny. all rights reserved. use of this site signifies your agreement to  ... 
text	obamagirl.com official website of viral video star and political hottie,  obama  girl.
text	forget all that stuff about bank failures, gas prices and all those boring subjects, president-elect barack  obama  wants to tackle a real thorny topic,  ... 
text	see more: barack  obama  campaign buttons | tv calls the election for  obama  |  obama  headlines in america |  obama  international headlines |  obama  inauguration  ... 
text	barack  obama  has been president for 2009-1-20 12:00:00 gmt-05:00. (turn javascript on!) yes. photo © justin hankins | say hi.
text	click on the ruling to see all of  obama's  statements for that ruling.  ...  barack  obama  and the democrats have "proposed a tax for not having health  ... 
text	barack  obama  favorited your photo. like the site? get the book on amazon or b&n.
text	people gather to watch us president barack  obama's  sworn in as the 44th us  ...  people gather for the inauguration of barack  obama  as the 44th president of  ... 
text	shop for  obama  shirts & gear. thousands of barack  obama  t-shirts available. show your support with president  obama  tshirts.
text	 obama  city is located in the south-west of fukui prefecture and is roughly in the center of wakasa district. to the north is wakasa bay which is a part of  ... 
text	see all  obama : favorable/unfavorable commentary & news stories  .....   obama : our first jewish president - david paul kuhn, realclearpolitics  ... 
text	president  obama  took a back seat briefly during a photo op at the g20 when the finance minister for singapore asked for a picture with just michelle  obama ,  ... 
text	29 sep 2009  ...  content related to  barack  obama  from new york daily news.
text	70 quotes and quotations by barack  obama .  ...  we cannot pretend somehow that because barack hussein  obama  got elected as president, suddenly everything is  ... 
text	barack  obama  (d). top contributors. this table lists the top donors to this candidate in the 2008 election cycle. the organizations themselves did not  ... 
text	to the love of my life, our next first lady, michelle  obama , and to sasha and malia - i love you so much, and i'm so proud of all of you.  ... 
text	barack  obama  ''i think i may have teared up at the end [of born free] when they release [the lioness] elsa. i couldn't have been more than 4 or 5''  ... 
text	white house press secretary robert gibbs confirmed this morning that first lady michelle  obama  will be joined by president  obama  later this week,  ... 
text	become president-elect barack  obama  in this fun game! • all content copyright © 2009 zensoft inc. buy super  obama  world apparel!  ... 
text	michelle  obama  watch is a blog dedicated to serving as a repository of media coverage of michelle  obama , wife of presidential candidate barack  obama  during  ... 
text	offers complete voting record along with a brief biography, roles in congress and financial disclosure statement.
text	24 hour shipping on  most orders. customizable  obama  gifts - t-shirts, posters, coffee mugs, embroidery, and more from zazzle.com. choose your favorite  obama   ... 
text	barack  obama  is the most inspiring public leader in america. he has a bold vision to help the middle class and restore america's prestige in the world.  ... 
text	president-elect barack  obama  news and headlines from across the web.
text	barack  obama  news, headlines and latest stories on yahoo!  ...  because he is the object of unceasing criticism, barack  obama  is also the object of unceasing  ... 
text	1 sep 2009  ...  aides say  obama  plans to give a more specific prescription for health care than he has in the past.
text	official  obama  pleasure toy. you love your candidate, let him love you back! stands 71/2 inches tall, nearly 2 inches in diameter.
text	provides a profile, issue positions and statements of the president.
text	26 sep 2009  ...  president  obama  made a  sound strategic decision, scrapping former president george w. bush's technologically.  ... 
text	short biography along with political party, years of service in congress and bibliography.
text	 obama's  wife, michelle, who i wouldn't trust to tell me the date in a calendar factory, said that 'everything begins and ends with hope'. utter nonsense.  ... 
text	an exploration of the graphics and graffiti that support barack  obama . the art of  obama  - where the art is political and updated daily.
text	a book representing the art & design from the campaign for change.
text	11 jun 2009  ...  last tuesday,  students from franklin  avenue elementary school in westfield, ma completed a gigantic  obama  mural they created out of 2420  ... 
text	barack's world (an in-depth look at barack  obama's  key personal and political  ...  barack  obama : a radical leftist's journey from community organizing to  ... 
text	25 jun 2008  ...  barack  obama  is a stevie wonder geek. in the democratic presidential candidate's new interview  with rolling stone editor-in-chief jann s.  ... 
text	1 apr 2009  ...  what the  obama  administration is doing with the banks is far worse than nationalization: it is the privatizing of gains and the socializing   ... 
text	28 sep 2009  ...  posts from the barack  obama  category at politics, analysis, blogs and opinion for the us and world - politics daily.
text	book publicity: a big day for the design for  obama  community! as you probably know by now, design for  obama  is being published by the fabulous art house  ... 
text	29 may 2008  ...  what if barack  obama's  most important radical connection has been hiding in plain sight all along?  obama  has had  an intimate and long-term  ... 
text	hawaii will always be home for president barack  obama . there can be no doubt that growing up in this idyllic, multicultural setting was a major influence in  ... 
text	top news and related articles on barack  obama  including high quality photo galleries, quotes, videos and biography.
text	andrew sullivan's in-depth examination of the appeal of barack  obama  and why he is the bridge to the 21st century that bill clinton spoke about.
text	this deluxe barack  obama  mask will turn you into the '08 democrat presidential candidate for halloween or other political events.
text	barack  obama  is an important figure in us politics. distilled, up-to-date, and accurate information on barack  obama .
text	23 sep 2009  ...  spreading senator barack  obama's  message of competency and unity, supporting his presidential campaign, and providing a forum to debate and  ... 
text	time again to ask for donations to support our efforts to prove that barry soetoro a/k/a barack h.  obama  is constitutionally ineligible to be president of  ... 
text	 obama -themed art from the web's top photo-sharing site.  ...  what connects barack  obama  to every one of our previous persons of the year?  ... 
text	20 sep 2009  ...  the hill is a congressional newspaper that publishes daily when congress is in session, with a special focus on business and lobbying,  ... 
text	"i invented the internet, episode 1: the audacity." lorne baxter explores the life of barack hussein  obama , jeremiah wright and the theology behind it.
text	19 mar 2007  ...  as every carbon-based life form on this planet surely knows, barack  obama  , the junior democratic senator from illinois, is running for  ... 
text	5 nov 2008  ...  barack  obama  shattered more than 200 years of history tuesday night by winning election as the first african-american president of the  ... 
text	senior adviser david axelrod listens to president-elect barack  obama  during a news  ...  james jones listens as president-elect barack  obama , not pictured,  ... 
text	buy  obama  condoms today!  ...  not for the typical. white guy. condoms.com.  obama . about · home · press · buy now · contact · f.a.q.. use with good. judgement  ... 
text	encyclopedia article focused on his political career along with background data and links to additional articles and resources.
text	2 jul 2007  ...  talk story about two poems written by barack  obama  when he was nineteen. it comes as little surprise to discover that a young barack  obama   ... 
text	28 sep 2009  ...  this was made plain by president  obama  in his speech, titled "responsibility for our common future," in which he heralded "a new chapter of  ... 
text	6 mar 2009  ...  as he headed back home from washington, gordon brown must have rummaged through his party bag with disappointment.
text	home | about | photos | events | contact us |  obama  reggaeton |  obama  ring tone. supported by: nueva vista media, inc.
text	cause i got a crush on  obama .  ...  names  obama  girl (amber lee ettinger) the #1 hottest woman on the internet. check us out at our new home: obamagirl.com  ... 
text	12 aug 2009  ...  heads should roll -- beginning with nancy pelosi's!
text	provides profile, questionnaire responses, and actual political record on science, technology and health policy issues. from scientists and engineers for  ... 
text	amazon.com: the  obama  nation: leftist politics and the cult of personality ( 9781416598060): jerome r. corsi: books.
text	15 sep 2009  ...  treasury department's private estimate of up to $200 billion a year equals a 15 percent income tax increase.
text	from world affairs to entertainment, business to fashion, crime to society, vanity fair is a cultural catalyst that drives the popular dialogue globally.
text	 obama  today will follow president  obama's  initiatives and policy directions. we' ll look at new presidential orders, policies on the economy,  ... 
text	10 oct 2008  ...  the son of william f. buckley has decided—shock!—to vote for a democrat.
text	24 sep 2009  ...  nearly 20 young children are captured in an online video as they sing songs that overflow with campaign slogans and praise for.
text	barack  obama  is creating the first office of urban policy.  ...  disclaimer: obamacto.org is not part of the  obama  administration and is not associated with  ... 
text	22 sep 2009  ...  barack  obama  on tmz.com. get the latest barack  obama  news, videos, photos, and more @ tmz.com.
text	provides his biography, committee assignments, campaign finances, voting record, issue positions, interest group ratings, speeches and public statements.
text	21 sep 2009  ...  the wall street journal encapsulates a conversation between  obama  and george stephanopoulos over whether the individual mandate is a tax  ... 
text	barack  obama  was sworn in as the 44th president of the united states and the nation's first african-american president tuesday. this is a transcript of his  ... 
text	drink for change. let me be absolutely clear, this organic african red bush rooibos based tea is a mix of herbs with hints of hawaiian fruit.  ... 
text	self: senator  obama  goes to africa. barack  obama  was born to a white american mother, ann dunham, and a black... visit imdb for photos, filmography,  ... 
text	 obama  paper dolls from dover features barack  obama , his wife michelle, and their daughters, malia ann and sasha. this  obama  paper doll set also includes a  ... 
text	all submissions to the  obama  in 30 seconds contest were produced independently of the  obama  for america campaign. moveon.org political action is a federal  ... 
text	20 jan 2009  ...  barack  obama  was just sworn in as president of the us and though  he stumbled in repeating his oath, the speech that followed was delivered  ... 
text	home · about · the act · timeline · board · investments · by category · by state · by agency · by recipient · opportunities · impact · news · faq  ... 
text	19 jan 2008  ...  well the people surrounding  obama  today have one thing in common, they were chosen to achieve a political end and by and large they are one  ... 
text	the united states library of congress has selected the  obama  file for inclusion in its historic collections of internet materials related to the  ... 
text	28 aug 2008  ...  i made this picture in october of 2006 during the illinois state races. just three of us in a car: senator  obama , a friend of his who was  ... 
text	 obama  says lobbyists "haven't funded my campaign". a lie, martens writes in this explosive issue of counterpunch. five top contributors to  obama  are  ... 
text	on jan. 21, gallup began tracking daily the percentage of americans who approve or disapprove of the job barack  obama  is doing as president.
text	legislative profile and tracking for barack  obama  on govtrack.us, the nonpartisan database of us federal legislation.
text	 obama  voter video · about the filmmaker · polling research · spread the word · pre-order media malpractice. join our mail list. email:  ... 
text	if john mccain faces barack  obama ,  obama  wins 280 to 256. mccain carries 26 states.  obama  carries 24 states plus the district of columbia … and then there  ... 
text	is barack  obama  as a 'radical muslim' who 'will not recite the pledge of allegiance'?
text	"[do you approve or disapprove of the job barack  obama  is doing as president?] . .. do you approve or disapprove of the job he is doing with [see below]?"  ... 
text	order a box of  obama  waffles for every administration official who has to resign .  ...  buy real  obama  waffles and sarah palin mooseburger helper.
text	latest news about the transition to barack  obama \'s presidency and president bush\'s final days in office.
text	23 sep 2009  ...  world leaders must work together to address global challenges in the  21st century because power is no longer a zero sum game,  us president  ... 
text	this text will be replaced. about | articles | videos | reviews | activism. bottom. 00:00.
text	17 sep 2009  ...  you've surely heard the claims made by some that president  obama  wasn't born in the united states. we at geekdad have uncovered evidence of  ... 
text	15 dec 2008  ...  from now until the election, the ya for  obama  authors are giving away prizes to site members who are out there working for  obama !  ... 
text	summaries and media links to the president's background, religious biography, issue positions and public opinion.
text	28 jul 2008  ...  barack  obama  impeachment, impeach  obama , tony rezko trial, corruption.
text	barack  obama  2008 presidential campaign: fight the smears.
text	meet barack  obama .  ...  retirement. security. meet economy good health trade workers' retirement take.  obama  jobs care rights security action. meet barack  obama .
text	channeling clueless charlie gibson and nancy pelosi, president  obama  is playing dumb about acorn. here's what he said on abc's this week this morning:  ... 
text	from zaire to paris, ignorant masses shed tears of unrestrained joy, bleating “  obama ” like some freshly sheered sheep! dictators send their heartfelt praise  ... 
text	 obama  girl shakes it hoe-down style in kentucky with her new dancing partner,  ...  mark may have a crush on  obama  girl, but she has a crush on something  ... 
text	where do your candidates stand. this is a "printer friendly" version of the page you were just on. to return, click here. senator barack  obama .  obama   ... 
text	26 sep 2009  ...  world leaders at  the g20 summit have agreed tough financial rules to avert another global crisis, us president barack  obama  says.
text	the latest news on barack  obama , from thousands of sources worldwide. high- quality photos, articles, blog posts, quotes, and more.
text	before  obama  can transform the economy, he has some housecleaning to do.
text	i made this gigapan image from the north press platform during president  obama's  inaugural address at the u.s. capitol in washington, dc on january 20,  ... 
text	3 nov 2008  ...  in the early months of barack  obama \'s presidential campaign, enviros were skeptical of his (now heavily qualified) support for  ... 
text	get barack  obama's  biographical information, plus state demographics and election history.
text	barack  obama  news from thousands of sources including video, audio, and blogs.
text	the  obama  deception is a hard-hitting film that completely destroys the myth that barack  obama  is working for the best interests of the american people.  ... 
text	he's barack  obama  released — june 19, 2009. buy the video + song  mp3! quick post : facebook. myspace and more. url (email and im): html (websites and blogs):  ... 
text	a round-up of the best humor about president barack  obama , including late-night  obama  jokes, political cartoons, funny spoof videos, and other  obama  humor.
text	bank of  obama  believes everyone should get their share of the stimulus package. we provide a novel way to bail out your friends.  ... 
text	 obama , who favors a legal right to abortion, noted that he was trying to “reduce  ...  the national abortion rights action league (naral) gives  obama  a 100%  ... 
text	6 aug 2008  ...  as he has since january, this week, barack  obama  enjoyed much more visibility as far as the public was concerned than did john mccain.  ... 
text	in a recent interview with student reporter, damon weaver, president  obama  announced that on september 8 -- the first day of school for many children across  ... 
text	28 sep 2009  ...  president barack   obama  will travel to denmark this week to support chicago's bid for the 2016 summer olympics.
text	provides collected news and  analysis along with a concise biography, event schedule and campaign finance information.
text	24 mar 2008  ...  barack  obama  is offering the most sweeping liberal foreign-policy critique we've heard from a serious presidential contender in decades.  ... 
text	28 sep 2009  ...  first lady michelle robinson  obama  was born in chicago in 1964. after finishing high school, she graduated from princeton in 1985 with a  ... 
text	7 nov 2008  ...  fifty things you might not know about barack  obama .
text	19 mar 2008  ...  win or lose, barack  obama's  rise changes business as usual for everyone. here's why.
text	the brainroom counts 32 czars in the  obama  administration, based on media reports from reputable sources that have identified the official in question as a  ... 
text	  obama's  comprehensive plan to combat global warming and achieve energy  ....  barack  obama  also believes the transition to a clean energy economy holds  ... 
text	11 jan 2009  ...  on  the eve of barack  obama's  historic inauguration, frontline examines the rich personal and political biography of america's 44th  president  ... 
text	when  obama  wins, · starbucks will stop referring to their smalls as talls. by jason kottke (more info) • inspired by twitter tomfoolery and bicycles • ads  ... 
text	the  obama  time capsule is a unique personalized photo book that captures the historic road to the presidency for barack  obama  and his family.
text	2 nov 2008  ...  why  obama  is a series of guest essays by musicians and authors, where they share their support for democratic united states presidential  ... 
text	president barack  obama  has implored world leaders to confront climate change, saying there can be no peace without cooperative work to preserve the planet.  ... 
text	16 sep 2009  ...  health care battle aside, barack  obama  is the man with the golden tongue. so why isn't he using it to secure something every american can.
text	barack  obama  is ranked 11th on twitterholic! (by followers). barack  obama  is ranked 1st in their location on twitterholic! (by followers in 'washington,  ... 
text	on her frequent public appearances,  first lady michelle  obama  knows there are two topics that draw the most queries. and one of them is bo.  ... 
text	25 sep 2009  ...  news about barack  obama  continually updated from thousands of sources around the net.
text	scott thomas is raising funds for designing  obama  on kickstarter! the design director of the  obama  campaign has collaborated with artists and designers to  ... 
text	16 jan 2009  ...  "dear rush: for the  obama  [immaculate] inauguration we are asking a handful of very prominent politicians, statesmen, scholars, businessmen,  ... 
text	full-screen panorama of  obama , prague by jeffrey martin, and nearby locations.
text	barack  obama  continues to enjoy his hawaiian family vacation in advance of the democratic national convention. thursday the candidate for president went  ... 
text	13 oct 2008  ...  i used to nod wisely when people said: "let's discuss issues rather than personalities." it seemed so obvious that in politics an issue was  ... 
text	barack  obama  is a candidate who  ran for president in the 2008 united states election. learn about presidential candidate barack  obama .
text	president  obama  and congressional democrats are conducting a grand experiment with our health care system, it's time we take action to stop them from  ... 
text	11 mar 2009  ...  a german frozen food company hopes to raise sales with a new product:  obama  fingers. the tender, fried chicken bits come with a tasty curry  ... 
text	18 jun 2009  ...  dr. david scheiner took care of  obama  for 22 years. but they don't see eye-to- eye on how to fix the health care system.
text	26 nov 2007  ...  senator barack  obama  (official site), who's polling a strong second in new hampshire, is the next presidential candidate to step up and  ... 
text	deep zoom  obama  · home · pocket pc buying tips & information. august 6th, 2009 — general,news  ...  categories. general,news. © deep zoom  obama .
text	asian americans for  obama  is a grassroots organization founded to help organize the asian american community to elect senator barack  obama  the next  ... 
text	keep up to date with the latest  obama -related news and commentary.
text	20 jan 2009  ...  following is the transcript of president barack  obama's  inaugural address, as transcribed by cq transcriptions.
text	15 sep 2009  ...   obama's  doj is under fire for dropping a controversial voter intimidation case. i caught the whole incident on camera.  ... 
text	23 sep 2009  ...  in his first address to the united nations general assembly, president  obama  called on world leaders to step up and not "wait for america to  ... 
text	reuters reports an interesting nugget in the wake of president barack  obama's  decision to grant vladimir putin his wish and kill the eastern european  ... 
text	get the latest news, issue  positions and opinion polls about us senator barack  obama's  bid for the 2008 democratic presidential candidate nomination at  ... 
text	8 apr 2009  ...  we're keeping track of everything she's wearing. starting now.
text	the historic election of barack  obama  as the 44th president of the united states has captivated americans and foreigners alike. they traveled to washington,  ... 
text	17 sep 2009  ...  president  obama  dismayed america's allies in europe and angered his political opponents at home today when he formally ditched plans to set  ... 
text	barack  obama , his wife, two daughters and mother-in-law are set to move tuesday into a big old barn of a house that is not exactly homey.  ... 
text	teachers for  obama  would lead the discussion that way…teachers against  obama  would lead the discussion the other way. not all teachers are like this,  ... 
text	barack  obama  was raised by a single mother and his grandparents. they didn't have much money, but  they taught him values from the kansas heartland where  ... 
text	both john mccain and barack  obama  have many smart policy proposals, but not all of them are ready for prime time. this week, fp looks at 10  obama  ideas that  ... 
text	the official barack  obama  inaugural book: during the week of the inauguration, a team of award-winning professional photographers will be assigned to  ... 
text	barack  obama  believes that the united states needs a strong space  ...  barack  obama  is committed to the completion of the international space station.  ... 
text	illinois senator barack  obama  falsely described as a 'radical muslim' who 'will not recite the pledge of allegiance.' by bogus smear campaign.
text	barack  obama  approaches the presidency at a  critical moment in american history, facing simultaneous crises of war, the environment, health care,  ... 
text	 obama's  neighborhood - local barack  obama  resources, history at punahou, hawaii background,  obama's  homes, pictures, images.
text	barack  obama  would be the most anti-gun president in american history.
text	search keywords and phrases, search by speech title, speech date, or speech location in more than 200  obama  speeches. online.  ... 
text	2 apr 2009  ...  for all of his hopes about bipartisanship, barack  obama  has the most polarized early job approval ratings of any president in the past four  ... 
text	26 sep 2009  ...  the  obama  administration reaffirmed its belief this week that it has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners at guantanamo and said it  ... 
text	thank you to everyone who contributed projects to the  obama  craft project, to everyone who donated funds to the  obama  campaign via our fundraising efforts  ... 
text	10 sep 2009  ...  read doctor-produced health and medical information written for you to make informed decisions about your health concerns.
text	13 jun 2008  ...  after james von brunn's crime at the holocaust museum, re-introduce yourself to the five white supremacists we met on our website during the  ... 
text	19 sep 2009  ...  in her speech yesterday, michelle  obama  told a story to which every parent can relate — the moment that a child may have a severe illness  ... 
text	21 apr 2008  ...  of course,  obama  has no connection to farrakhan. but, according to senator clinton,  obama's  pastor does -- and the "church bulletin" once  ... 
text	presidential nominee barack  obama , a democrat, has served as a senator from illinois since 2004. he served in the illinois state senate from 1997 to 2004.  ... 
text	politifact has compiled more than 500 promises that barack  obama  made during the campaign and is tracking their progress on our obameter.  ... 
text	president  obama's  address to students across america september 8, 2009 prek-6 menu of classroom activities: president  obama's  address to students across  ... 
text	29 may 2009  ...  the us president announces that the nation's networks will be considered  a " strategic national asset" and creates a top position in the  ... 
text	21 jan 2009  ...  this is, without a doubt, the best president  obama  action figure ever: posable, with facial expressions, interchangeable hands, katanas,  ... 
text	15 sep 2009  ...  abc's terry moran set the twitter-sphere all aflutter when he wrote: ...
text	us president says he does not believe in an indefinite occupation of afghanistan , but if more troops are needed to defeat al-qaida, then us will do what is  ... 
text	helps groups of people with shared interests plan meetings and form offline clubs in local communities around the world about barack  obama .
text	25 feb 2009  ...  the breed and the arrival date are settled upon, says the first lady – now comes the name.
text	29 jun 2009  ...  abomination of an  obama  nation standing in the mainstream medias gap to bring you the real news on barack hussein  obama .
text	barack  obama's  job approval is also available for all adults, and by party preference among democrats, republicans, and independents.  ... 
text	we, people in fields involving technology, are here to make the case for why barack  obama  and joe biden are the only team with the vision to leverage the  ... 
text	5, 2008, which reported  obama's  decisive victory over john mccain.  ...  inauguration and election newspaper set with  obama  photo  ... 
text	the appearance of barack  obama  on late show with david letterman gave the leader in late night programming  his highest ratings in four years,  ... 
text	these words, from barack  obama , have inspired everything from outrageous videos to the largest campaign fundraising success in history.   ... 
text	16 sep 2009  ...  now  obama , rev. wright, bill ayers, the emanuel bros -- we may be talking something way more worrisome than your everyday narcissists.  ... 
text	20 sep 2009  ...  president  obama  said sunday he will not intervene to halt a justice department investigation into harsh tactics used by central intelligence  ... 
text	2 jan 2009  ...  the electronic intifada: opinion/editorial:  obama's  deadly silence.
text	10 apr 2008  ...  the centerpiece of barack  obama's  early education agenda would be a new program of early learning challenge grants, which would provide  ... 
text	us president calls for increased international co-operation to combat global challenges.
text	barack  obama , the democratic nominee, brings far more promise to the office. in a time of grave economic crisis, he displays thoughtful analysis,  ... 
text	7 apr 2009  ...  nsa, eff's litigation against the national security agency for the warrantless wiretapping of countless americans, the  obama   ... 
text	21 jun 2009  ...  we show our children by example  who we want them to become.
text	muslim-americans for  obama  is a social network on ning.
text	welcome to the official facebook page of michelle  obama . get exclusive content and interact with michelle  obama  right from facebook. join facebook  to create  ... 
text	23 sep 2009  ...  in the un speech earlier today, president  obama  once again succumbed to what has become almost a clinical addiction: criticizing the united  ... 
text	barack  obama's  teleprompter's blog. because there is no potus without  totus   ....  barack  obama : big guy, big o, bo; michelle   obama : michelle, lady m  ... 
text	29 oct 2008  ...  barack  obama's  "story of race and inheritance". by  steve sailer · foreword by peter brimelow · steve sailer announces the paperback edition  ... 
text	the  obama  forum - the official forum for supporters of barack  obama  - join the  obama  forum today and discuss change.gov.
text	official website of south asians for barack  obama  (safo) 2008 presidential campaign.
text	22 sep 2009  ...  president barack   obama  sternly urges israeli and palestinian leaders to do more to make mideast peace talks possible.
text	mr. president, via  obama  hq. i would like to officially provide you with the following information : 9/11 attacks in new york are controlled demolition,  ... 
text	29 feb 2008  ...  logobama lets you create your own custom barack  obama  logo and sizes it to fit user profile images for facebook, myspace, stumbleupon,  ... 
text	the latest annual pew global attitudes survey reveals a dramatic positive shift in opinions of the us just six months into barack  obama's  presidency,  ... 
text	 obama's  blackberry and over 350000 other books are available for amazon kindle  ...  sneak a peek of the presidential blackberry in kasper hauser's  obama's   ... 
text	10 sep 2009  ...  "but know this," president barack  obama  said in one of several such satisfying passages in his health care speech last night.  ... 
text	aarp ceo bill novelli hosts separate, live sessions via satellite with sens. barack  obama  and john mccain at the aarp life@50+ national event.
text	24 feb 2009  ...  president barack   obama  holds 7-month-old matthew ian clark following a town hall  ...  james jones listens as president-elect barack  obama ,  ... 
text	based on a series of articles published on epolitics.com  in the spring and summer of 2009, the 49-page learning from  obama  provides a comprehensive  overview  ... 
text	 obama  has the chance to end our cold war hangover, and start an era where the u.s. is not the  ...  cool reception for  obama's  speech promising new regulation  ... 
text	barack  obama  tour dates in 2009. find your city on the barack  obama  2009 tour schedule or demand an  event in your city.
text	news, analysis and opinion for cbs, the web and digg along with videos, a profile and photo essay.
text	10 sep 2009  ...  melissa hathaway, who recommended the creation of the role after running a 60- day cybersecurity review for the  obama  administration,  ... 
text	17 aug 2009  ...  the analogy isn't exact. but the war in afghanistan is starting to look disturbingly familiar.
text	the arlington independent school district in texas decided not to show president  obama's  address to students live yesterday because it reportedly didn't  ... 
text	29 aug 2008  ...  factcheck.org checked the accuracy of barack  obama's  speech accepting the democratic nomination and noted factual errors and misleading  ... 
text	23 sep 2009  ...   obama's  stark declaration, which drew applause, was coupled with a call for palestinians to end their.
text	19 sep 2009  ...  president [bn:prsn=1] barack  obama  [] said tougher financial regulations are needed worldwide to protect consumers, provide economic  ... 
text	25 sep 2009  ...  caught red-handed, iran's leader, mahmoud ahmadinejad, denies new allegations that iran has been constructing a second uranium-enrichment  ... 
text	15 sep 2009  ...  tmz has obtained the audiotape of president barack  obama  calling kanye west a.
text	president barack  obama  on saturday resumed his push to overhaul the health care system, telling a congressional black caucus conference that there comes a  ... 
text	22 sep 2009  ...  in the wall street journal, leslie gelb argues that president  obama's  policy on afghanistan is confusing americans.
text	 obama . (starting october 11 partisan affiliated polls will not be added to the rcp  ...  see all general election: mccain vs.  obama  commentary & news stories  ... 
text	15 sep 2009  ...  the  obama  administration has told congress it supports renewing three provisions of the patriot act due to expire at year's end,   ... 
text	new york (reuters) - president barack  obama's  multi-tasking abilities will be tested this week as he juggles war, diplomacy and finance on the world stage  ... 
text	 obama's  approach emulates massachusetts's except for mandate on covering all adults  ...  barack  obama 's vision for reshaping health care nationwide.  ... 
text	16 apr 2008  ...  barack  obama  does not place his hand over his heart when the us national anthem is played?
text	havana — barack  obama's  call for action on climate change and his admission that rich nations have a particular responsibility  to lead has received strong  ... 
text	24 jan 2008  ...  8 things you need to know about  obama  and rezko tale in national spotlight, thanks to clinton - chicago sun-times.
text	10 mar 2008  ...  profile  of michelle  obama . describes michelle  obama  reading books to children at the university of south carolina's children's center,  ... 
text	23 sep 2009  ...  if you are confused by the first nine months of the  obama  administration, take solace that there is at least a pattern.  ... 
text	12 may 2008  ...  the hamas leader ahmed yousef did barack  obama  no favor recently when he said: “ we like mr.  obama  and we hope that he will win the election.  ... 
text	20 sep 2009  ...  us president barack  obama  promotes health-care reform across the airwaves in interviews with five television networks — reassuring   ... 
text	jokes, cartoons, and videos poking fun at president barack  obama .
text	unique anti- obama  designs on clothing, stickers & gifts from cafepress. shop for funny anti- obama  t-shirts & more!
text	2005-2006 president  obama  supported the interests of the national  family planning & reproductive health association 100 percent in 2005-2006.  ... 
text	11 jan 2009  ...  president-elect barack  obama  addresses the economy, his stimulus plan, gitmo, gaza, his move to the white house, his family,  ... 
text	it is not hard to see why a standing ovation awaits barack  obama  when he addresses the united nations general assembly today, writes nile gardiner.
text	27 aug 2009  ...  washington–in the continuing controversy surrounding the president's us citizenship, a new fringe group informally known as...
text	he should stiffen his meager bailout plan and call for a moratorium on foreclosures and serious government intervention.
text	first lady michelle  obama  serves as a role model for women who strive to balance their professional careers and their roles as mothers and wives.  ... 
text	30 jul 2009  ...  polls, public opinion research, national surveys on public attitudes toward press, politics, public policy issues; funded by pew charitable  ... 
text	all love stories are beautiful at the beginning, and what we're witnessing now is the beginning of a...
text	13 jun 2007  ...  no sing-a-longs or crafts at this summer camp. instead, it's politics 101, as volunteers from around the country come to chicago for intense  ... 
text	17 sep 2009  ...   obama  was  given a plastic sword. photos were taken.  ...  update: see also the japanese  obama  action figures. (thx, myles)  ... 
text	21 sep 2009  ...  gov. paterson may insist he intends to buck the white house and run in 2010, but president  obama  has fixed it so paterson is the lamest of  ... 
text	barack  obama's  presidential-campaign team relied on technology -- what was known internally as the "triple o," or  obama's  online operation -- to connect  ... 
text	20 sep 2009  ...  it was supposed to be the week president barack  obama  saved the world.
text	29 apr 2009  ...  news organizations have done an admirable job of recapping the first 100 days  of  the  obama  administration. but rarely do we stumble across a  ... 
text	20 sep 2009  ...  and why do people say such loopy, ugly things about him? the enduring rot in american  politics.
text	10 sep 2009  ...  the president's speech was the policy equivalent of the middle finger.
text	24 hour shipping on most orders. customizable  obama  t-shirts from zazzle.com - choose your favorite  obama  t-shirt from thousands of available designs.
text	barack  obama , his wife, two daughters and mother-in-law are set to move tuesday into a big old barn of a house that is not exactly homey.  ... 
text	24 aug 2009  ...  president  obama  averaged a 52% job approval rating last week, down from 54% the previous  week and from 59% a month ago.
text	15 sep 2009  ...  abc news reporter terry moran set twitter afire monday with a bit of inside reporting on an interview that took place on another network:  ... 
text	 obama  victory speech.  ...   obama : victory speech. big board · map ·  obama : victory speech · mccain: concession speech · exit polls. comment post a comment  ... 
text	25 sep 2009  ...  carney-nunes's  obama  book was on prominent display during the students'  ...  in the speech, president  obama  spoke of some of the steps of  ... 
text	24 sep 2008  ...  in his two and a half years in the u.s. senate, barack  obama  has been active -- even hyperactive -- on matters of energy and the environment  ... 
text	president barack  obama  is heading to denmark to promote chicago's bid for the 2016 olympics. the trip marks the first time a president has lobbied in person  ... 
text	5 nov 2008  ...  in the course of the 2008 us election cycle, which resulted in the election of senator barack  obama  last night, we regularly reported about  ... 
text	barack  obama  added another "first" to his already notable list yesterday: he became the first u.s. presidential candidate -- and, i'm guessing,  ... 
text	the blog of mark mardell, the bbc's correspondent.
text	26 sep 2009  ...  with most of  obama's  agenda riding on the senate,  ...  politico hands out grades for  obama's  first big foreign-policy foray inside the u.s.  ... 
text	21 sep 2009  ...  acknowledging that he hasn't persuaded the american public and congress to support sweeping changes to healthcare, president  obama  offered a  ... 
text	9 sep 2009  ...  plus: the left's visionaries lost their bearings on drugs -- but the gop is led by losers.
text	14 may 2009  ...  president [bn:prsn=1] barack  obama  [], calling current [bn:wbtkr=fdebty:ind] deficit [] spending “unsustainable,” warned of skyrocketing  ... 
text	19 sep 2009  ...   obama , the first black president in the nation's history, spoke about the issue of race during a battery of tv interviews on friday.
text	the  obama  deception is a hard-hitting film that completely destroys the myth that barack  obama  is working for the best interests of the american people.  ... 
text	25 oct 2008  ...  even non-conservatives with significant public policy and real world experiences , such as colin powell and charles fried, find  obama   ... 
text	now, much has been made of the fact that an african american with the name barack hussein  obama  could be elected president. but my personal story is not so  ... 
text	play tournament challenge and test your 2009 ncaa tournament prediction skills against the fantasy brackets of other college basketball fans.
text	the glamour of  obama  may be hard to resist, but could it get the country into trouble if he wins the presidency?
text	20 sep 2009  ...  president barack   obama  on sunday backed an investigation into community organizing group acorn, after some of its employees were videotaped  ... 
text	22 sep 2009  ...  it  took more than an hour. and since you don't want to spend an hour reading a blog post, here are the top ten funny  things that happened  ... 
text	21 jan 2009  ...  barack  obama  will be sworn in as the 44th us president in a ceremony that has drawn more than 2 million americans to their capital.
text	barack  obama , elected the 44th president of the united states, has lived a truly american life, and has opened a new chapter in american politics.  ... 
text	united nations, sept. 23 -- president  obama  challenged  other nations to match his efforts to change the united states' relationship with the rest of the  ... 
text	 obama  at fund-raiser at steven and judy gluckstern's home, april 9, 2007. george soros is seated to the right of the stairs. (published in "how barack  obama   ... 
text	20 apr 2009  ...  reporting from tobago and port-of-spain, trinidad - rebuffing criticism of the warm greetings he exchanged with venezuelan leader hugo  ... 
text	barack  obama  told supporters that "change has come to america" as he claimed victory in a historic presidential election.
text	 obama  pride is a national network made up of lgbt  obama  supporters across the country who are dedicated to making sure barack  obama  is our next president.  ... 
text	the shadow puppeteer  flicks his wrist as he beats a stumpy stick against a wooden box and begins a dramatic introduction to a story about kunti, a mother  ... 
text	21 sep 2009  ...  president  obama  and governor david a. paterson have an awkward airport moment.
text	top ten reasons why president  obama  agreed to  appear on the show.  ...   obama  also made clear that he won't be the one repeating charges of racism.  ... 
text	the blueprint for change: barack  obama's  plan for america joint interviews of democratic  ...  hopes and dreams: the story of barack  obama , by  steve dougherty  ... 
text	in the 2008 presidential election, democratic candidate and illinois senator barack   obama  was elected the 44th president of the united states of america.
text	apparently one of the assignments includes writing a letter to oneself on how they can help  obama . this was seen as being in the style of korea's kim  ... 
text	see  obama  approval index history (11/06/2008-01/20/2009) · daily presidential tracking poll analysis · sign up for daily e-mail update  ... 
text	my liberal relatives still love  obama . two i spoke to worked for  obama's  campaign. they still hold out a lot of hope for  obama . but they are disappointed in  ... 
text	members of the james younger camp of the sons of confederate veterans in 2006.] looking into the background of rep. joe wilson, r-south carolina,  ... 
text	president barack  obama  with david letterman during a taping of the late show with david letterman in new york today. (photo by jim watson / afp / getty  ... 
text	“far from eagerly micromanaging the companies the government  owns, mr.  obama  and his economic team have often labored mightily to avoid exercising control  ... 
text	on september 8, fox news host megyn kelly stated that "more of president  obama's  special advisers are now under scrutiny after the resignation of his green  ... 
text	tighter restrictions on mountaintop removal mining are simply not enough. instead, a leading climate scientist argues, the  obama   ... 
text	 obama  warns netanyahu: don't surprise me with iran strike-news and commentary relating to events in israel, the occupied territories, and the world,  ... 
text	president  obama  has a superior intellect, a keen grasp of history, powerful analytical skills...and yet, something's missing.  ... 
text	i did not take my children out of school today, nor did i write a note excusing them from listening to  obama's  speech to the schoolchildren of america.  ... 
text	the letter that the classical scholars sent to the president of the united states barack  obama , about macedonia.
text	13 jan 2009  ...  rim's blackberry may not be certified by the national security agency to handle top-secret material, but a pda-phone called the sectera edge  ... 
text	barack hussein  obama  is bad for the usa and our anti  obama  website can prove it. read our facts, quotes, his sleazy racist friends and equally shady wife  ... 
text	28 sep 2009  ...  president  obama  will travel to copenhagen, denmark on thursday to lend his weight to efforts to land the 2016 summer olympics for his  ... 
text	17 aug 2009  ...  the ticket identifies the student who made the now-infamous image of  obama  as batman's joker.
text	 16 posts - 12 authors - last post: 14 sep tens of thousands of people in washington have protested against barack  obama's  healthcare reforms. do you agree with his health plan?
text	barack  obama's  tax plan delivers broad-based tax relief to middle class families and cuts taxes for small businesses and companies that create jobs in  ... 
text	12 sep 2009  ...   obama  says that more are uninsured than you'd think, when you look at a ten year period.
text	 obama  wtf (what's the facts?) is the original, and most comprehensive, authoritative site about the life, votes, and positions of freshman senator barack  ... 
text	profiles of potential members of the  obama  administration, published in the the new york times.
text	the resignation over the labor day weekend of white house "green jobs" czar van jones tells you some interesting things about the  obama  administration.
text	want to read like a president? the daily beast pulled together every book that the reader in chief has been spotted with since the campaign.
text	in his wall street speech, the president outlines reforms—but they don't go deep enough.
text	techdude delivers a final report that exceeds my wildest expectations. it is irrefutable, empirical evidence -  obama's  birth certificate is a forgery. why?
text	phil gingrey (r-ga) argued that if president   obama  wanted to find a “bipartisan” health care solution, he should vow to veto any reform legislation that  ... 
text	(i should note as i type this, several classless people in the mccain crowd booed mccain congratulating president-elect  obama ).  ... 
text	observers are also saying that barack  obama's  threat to “bankrupt the coal industry” is hurting murtha's chances with his fellow pennsylvanians.  ... 
text	21 sep 2009  ...  president  obama  sat down with the host of "late show with david letterman" on cbs, with a little less joking than what one might have  ... 
text	president  obama  is in montana today, and will be holding a town hall discussion on health insurance reform starting at 2:55 pm eastern.  ... 
text	sassy, savvy, clever, witty broads for  obama . period.
text	browse news related to president-elect barack  obama .
text	as we show that known evidence indicates  obama  is an unconstitutional and fictitious "president," who must be disqualified, and an agent to destroy free  ... 
text	mixx is your link to the  obama  '08 community. share  obama  '08  news, photos, and videos.
text	for opponents of president  obama , the acorn scandal is the gift that goes on giving. here's the latest episode (courtesy of biggovernment) in which intrepid  ... 
text	the first lady today appealed for women to support the president's health care reform efforts.
text	4 sep 2009  ...  from nbc's mike viqueirarep. lynn woolsey, of the progressive caucus, released the following on health care after their conference call with  ... 
text	in a remarkable change in political direction over the last 60 days, the state of missouri is now leaning several points in  obama's  favor.  ... 
text	9 sep 2009  ...  the  obama  deception is a hard-hitting film that completely destroys the myth that barack  obama  is working for the best interests of the  ... 
text	president  obama  will meet for lunch monday with former president bill clinton in new york city, the white house confirmed.  ... 
text	29 jun 2009  ...  i think the president has this wrong: president  obama  on sunday praised the energy bill passed by the house late last week as an  ... 
text	college and high school students who want senator barack  obama  to be elected president in 2008. includes blogs, videos, discussion forums, issue statements,  ... 
text	the economy and foreign policy may be higher on president-elect barack  obama's  to-do list, but science and technology issues are on the radar screen as well  ... 
text	26 apr 2007  ...  has barack  obama  thought through a practical foreign policy doctrine of his own — a way to apply his niebuhrian instincts?
text	president  obama  joined other world leaders tuesday in calling for immediate and substantive steps to combat climate change, saying failure to act now would  ... 
text	in the words of senator barack  obama , the " obama  for america campaign is a different type of campaign". for the first time in campaign history,  ... 
text	20 nov 2008  ...  the graphic designer sol sender talks about the logo he created for barack  obama's  presidential campaign.
text	12 jul 2009  ...  barack  obama  will be adding baseball broadcaster  to his résumé. si.com learned sunday that the president will join fox sports announcers joe  ... 
text	generation  obama /go is a locally-based but nationally coordinated grassroots movement led by young activists with a simple goal: electing barack  obama  the  ... 
text	barack  obama  has tried in private to persuade iraqi leaders to delay an agreement on a draw-down of the american military presence.  ... 
text	supporter group of women working to elect barack  obama  as president provides factcheck, action center, issue positions, news, videos, discussion forum,  ... 
text	but  obama  sounded like a cross between a social activist and a flannel-shirted software c.e.o. — as a nonhierarchical, collaborative leader who can inspire  ... 
text	stocks were set to open lower monday as investors await a speech by president  obama  about financial services reform and keep an eye on a china-us trade  ... 
text	there's been a lot of press about gop/conservative support for  obama , but with the recent flurry of gop for  obama  love, most lists of republican supporters  ... 
text	the united states is significantly overhauling bush-era plans for a missile defense shield in europe, based partly on the latest analysis of iran's  ... 
text	if ahmadinejad were to lose in june to a reform candidate like khatami, it would give the  obama  administration a much more willing leader to negotiate  with  ... 
text	in a rambling speech at the u.n. general assembly, chavez spoke highly of current president barack  obama , saying he is an "intelligent man" and comparing  ... 
text	 obama  is this chameleon who changes colors with his surroundings. that is the problem. if he is around extreme liberals, he is that way.  ... 
text	citizen  obama  chronicles the trials and triumphs of president barack  obama , the  obama  family, and the white house staffers.
text	the news came out today the  obama  plagiarized part of a recent speech of his. he was accused of stealing the lines from massachusetts governor deval patrick  ... 
text	accused "terrorist fist jabber", mocked as " obama's  baby mama" is now first lady and living in the white house. don't wake me if this is a dream.  ... 
text	chia®  obama  is a special edition chia pet honoring our 44th us president, barack  obama . the package includes a convenient drip tray, chia  obama  handmade  ... 
text	washington   the  obama  white house left open the possibility sunday that the president would break a campaign promise and raise taxes on people earning  ... 
text	barack  obama  is ignoring hillary clinton for all the expected reasons, and her supporters are ticked, for all the expected reasons.  ... 
text	many months ago, recognizing a chance to grab a lone electoral vote in the event of an unlikely tie, barack  obama's  camapign opened an office in omaha,  ... 
text	 obama  is caught in the crossfire between the far left and the far right, the progressives and the conservatives, the supporters and the haters.  ... 
